# Testador

Testador is a Flutter app that utilizes ChatGPT to create interactive quizzes similar to Kahoot. The app generates questions and answers based on the information provided by the user. This README will provide an overview of the project.

### Web version
http://testador-5b80a.web.app/ (no AI because it's too expensive)

### Android
Check the releases section on github and download the APK. This might be a little tricky on some devices but google is your friend

### iOS
Sorry, Macs are expensive, so no iOS support... yet.

## Features
- Interactive quizzes generated by ChatGPT.
- User-friendly interface for creating and participating in quizzes.
- Real-time results and leaderboard display.
- Localization in 7 languages
- Firebase integration for data and file torage and authentication.

## Architecture
The app was made using Clean Architecture, because I wanted to challenge myself to learn how it works, even though I am not currently using it.
For State Management I am using BloC and for better error handling dartz (it offers the Either class, which allows you to handle errors like in Go or Rust)
I used auto_route for routing, because it is the most convenient as it uses code generation. Also, dependency injection was done with get_it.

## Installation

To get started with Testador, follow the steps below:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
2. Create a .env file with the following parameter ```OPEN_AI_API_KEY```
3. Enjoy

!! Make sure you already have Flutter set up on you machine.


